While there are some limitations to using a public Cloud and
that you can't do everything that you could do in your own data center,
you can do most things.
However, AWS does not support multicast networking.
You should take care to review the AWS policies on penetration testing and running
your own email server on AWS is another area that
use edge research and look at AWS policies before attempting.
Further, when you're looking to solve problems in AWS,
and what you're trying to solve feels like a common problem,
there's probably a solution for you.
AWS has done a great job of listening to customers and identifying
common requests and addressing them for the majority of limitations in their Cloud.
There are workarounds with only slight concessions that need to be made.